Virtual Reality Week 4 Application Design Assignment 
The three illusions: describe how the three illusions are supported in your VR application.
Place illusion is of great use here. As the VR takes the tourist directly to the place the tourist 
wants to visit, the tourist can get a proper idea of the place and experience it while sitting at 
home or generally anywhere. Plausibility illusion here as well is of great importance so that the 
tourist can see what's happening in the destination and can get the exact feel of the place. 
Embodiment illusion is also of a great use as the tourist can see himself there directly on the 
destination and can consider himself being in the destination.

Market: describe who will be your targeted users and how would you try to reach out to them?
Although it is tempting to put "everybody" as your market, when designing a VR app it is actually 
going to be more effective if you start with a more specific market in mind - it's difficult to cater for 
all tastes and needs!
When designing a VR app with so many different technical/content considerations to balance, 
having a specific audience in mind will keep you focused when it comes to choosing your VR 
hardware and software.
This app will most prominently be directed towards tourists and travelers who like to experience 
new places and are curious to know about their destination. Common people who want to travel 
but also want to understand their destination and their hotels before visiting can also use this app 
that will greatly benefit them.
Evaluation: do you think your desired market can easily access the required VR hardware? 
Explain why and, if the answer is yes: identify any opportunities to further improve accessibility; 
or if the answer is no: explain how to re-address your design or point out what is missing.
I feel that the market should get an easy access because that will encourage people to try the 
app to travel more and understand different places. The app can be used by so many curious 
travellers that will encourage them find and tour different places and the app will save both time 
and money therefore the app should be more available.

-By  
Aditi Kathalay
