Virtual Reality Week 2 Application Design Assignment 
Motivation: Describe your VR application, and what you would like to achieve with it.
Similar to existing VR applications reviewed in this course, your VR application should be 
designed to solve a problem, share an experience, create a new business opportunity, or explore 
new ways to express yourself.
You should explain your motivation behind your VR application.
VR can be of great help in tourism. Tourists can experience the destination before they make 
right choices about hotels and places to visit. They can have a virtual guide of the place they 
want to visit and then make the right calls. In this situation the tourists will save time and 
money and they'll be able to make the right decisions depending upon their requirements. 
They can also review their experience of the application to make it more interesting for people.

VR technical specification: Give details of your VR app regarding the following three aspects: 
VR display, VR content, VR interaction.
Here the VR display will have 3D images, user dynamic control of viewpoint and surrounding 
experience. The tourists can choose what they want to view and can interact with the 
environment. Sounds can be added in the surroundings to make the experience better. VR 
content here can be a video of the location that the tourist wants to visit or a 360 degree tour of 
the hotel room. VR interaction will be done when the tourist turns his phone to view the specific 
areas of the location.
Existing similar apps: find 2-3 existing VR applications that:
Either
(1) similar to what you are trying to achieve
Or
(2) share certain elements you could borrow from
They can be applications which inspired your own design.
Describe the apps, give the links, and provide some explanation why you think they are similar 
and what can you learn from them.
Thomas Cook launched their VR experience in 2015, where the tourist can experience and visit 
stores and locations in various places across the world using VR before booking. 
http://www.trybeforeyoufly.ca/ This idea is similar to my application because through this as well, 
people can save money and time which might be wasted for a mundane trip which the tourist 
may not enjoy. In my application idea we can add more stores to make it more appealing. Google 
expedition is another way tourists can travel from their home and experience the pleasure of 
travelling. It also has many different scenarios for tourists to enjoy ranging from oceans to even 
mars surface.
Why does your application need to use VR as opposed to a standard on-screen interface?
The application must need a VR, so that the tourists can get an exact and proper idea which 
otherwise cannot be conveyed with a standard on-screen interface. Tourists can enjoy the 
pleasure of travelling and can make better decisions through their own experience with the 
application.

-By
Aditi Kathalay
